STAC-24598: Add release notes 2.10.0 release and update with staging changes (#287)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/setup/data-management/backup_restore/backup_enable.adoc

= Enable backups
:revdate: 2026-04-08
:page-revdate: {revdate}
:description: SUSE Observability Self-hosted

[NOTE]
====

> This page applies to {stackstate-product-name} {release-version} or newer. If you are upgrading from a version prior to {release-version}, see xref:/setup/data-management/backup_restore/migration_to_s3proxy.adoc[Migrating to S3Proxy] for important information about changes in configuration of the backup and restore solution.

Reviewer: Looks like we still need to replace {release-version} here: 

```suggestion
This page applies to {stackstate-product-name} 2.7.0 or newer. If you are upgrading from a version prior to 2.10.0, see xref:/setup/data-management/backup_restore/migration_to_s3proxy.adoc[Migrating to S3Proxy] for important information about changes in configuration of the backup and restore solution.
```

> This page applies to {stackstate-product-name} {release-version} or newer. If you are upgrading from a version prior to {release-version}, see xref:/setup/data-management/backup_restore/migration_to_s3proxy.adoc[Migrating to S3Proxy] for important information about changes in configuration of the backup and restore solution.

Reviewer 2: we have to replace release-verison with an actual release here i guess
